Why are you leaving me? Say something. Why are you running away?
Do you even know what happened to me? You never asked anything!
I told you not to run away again.
Who are you to tell me what to do and what not to do?
How could you be so heartless? Abandoned Adam like that?
I am heartless! You are the one!
What are you talking about?
Six years ago. You abandoned us.
You said you would always love me and be with me.
You said we would plant roses together in the garden.
You said my juice was the most delicious.
You would always recognize me.
When I stood in front of you, you gave me this necklace
and told me that I was the angel who saved you from the darkness.
How could you forget all of that?